curious while you say that yeah as if
that is comparable it is Falco versus
puff so back here oh my goodness what
percent is off with an ax me at rest
think I was kidding I was kidding you're
like a forty percent on that punish
always wearing the shun tak you oh he's
great to get this up his connect stop
this kids dog cuz we're in the Sean tag
what an air what an air fourteen percent
lipdub did Talia he he's really really
good again okay I mean I know gently
pump is incredibly good at edge guard
but he's he's particularly good I'm so
good at it and he's not the typical kind
of Jew the pub that wants to go for like
all his food comas an arrest right he
wants to straight combo you to tap that
was actually horrible TI on for he
missed it while you were talking about
how good he is I know but I started that
one part where he was really bad he's
still really good yeah oh well with the
rita was dirty it was dirty he ran all
the way cross stage all the way oh man i
was bothered by that hot and bothered
okay so now we have training at the up
tilt she'll stab you all talk about yep
there we go that back hair spacing right
away dash bag here yeah just that micro
spacing man
oh he checks it and very nice tech
mother Falco it's off stage now get the
back this announcement it's not a lease
on life goes over the downer go goes for
a chat show crap for it that's buffs you
do that stuff there we go gets the back
hairs off stage again it isn't till
they're all wrong way wrong way okay
reversed oh you went for the day I went
for the day arrest he loves that
everyone loves that below if you guys
saw a video on the puff tutorial Channel
you'll know that that is a very hard set
up for Giggy pump man's it's really hard
you have to get the flippy thing yeah
honest cause he calls the flippy a call
to focus for flipping yeah I don't know
the way it works is you have to hit the
lowest hitbox yes all of them so it's
really tough for I don't know if it's
the lowest hitbox with their lowest per
box it's kind of yes yeah it kind of has
to sync with each other but it's a
pretty complex mechanic I recommend
watching a video if you're a puff player
or you want to learn puff because it's
very valuable tab right there if you if
you confirm you down at an arrest I mean
I know it's really tough to do on Fox
i'm not sure if there's any easier on
falco or not i would assume it can't be
much easier if it is but so why do you
think you at battlefield like just more
like platforms baby yeah i think i think
he felt restrained by the lack of
platforms but now he might be
constrained by the lack of edges the
heck of it wait wait how many edges are
to be like this with two others too but
it was a little bit harder on
battlefield yeah i want to get arrested
i'll pay her to know tech rest he goes
up star image yeah they were self does
not di down yeah we're puffin she'll
grab swimming champ yes it is fade back
there he's dirty dude look and I guess
the hypo percent is grinning because he
might be Wiz rogue speedrun know already
know this is pretty close this close
what's up think so where's the guy
oh that was a resident I think anybody
got there should have been he doesn't
like taking those kinds of rest like I
was saying earlier he's more the kind of
puff like the king kind of pop you know
what I mean yeah oh yeah oh oh cuz just
for dared off oh he went for it you went
for it all and then he's still dies what
happened I don't know I have but I that
was my second full percent flex him a
little bit there was a slight flex going
on right there definitely some major
flex I was you know flexa jh how's that
annoying guy the gym yes yes after you
go Georgia not at all I I do not take
care of myself as if it's not obvious
that we are you guys commentating our
stream that do not take care of
themselves already physically yes with
their bodies by mail and mainly only
minutes my wife I would never cheat on
her Jesus it's a herd of course all
right